3D printing - A history

Briefly explain the main idea behind the idea/technology you're researching,
what is it exactly? what is it for? How does it work?

3D printing, similar to regular printing of 2d and flat media, is used and was thought up as a way
to create an existing object/document a replicate it in a physical form or copy. 3D printing
duplicates this form as a life object, a 3d version of it. This means that you can create anything
you see in the world, or thats the idea behind it. For instance, if you want to make a bottle, a chair,
a tiny figurine those are now possible to print. The most common machines use 3D filament which is
in basic terms a wire of plastic. The machine melts this plastic down when it comes through the nozzle and
it lays down tiny layers to create the object. This process takes several hours just to create a hand sized
object.

Who are the important people and/or organizations related to this idea/technology?
 Don't just list names, briefly explain who these are and what their relationship
 to your research area is.

 This type of technology was first invented in the 1980's where a few prototypes of the machine were
 made and the idea was made public. The first person to actually create two simple models was
 Hideo Kodama from Japan who was going to patent the idea for Rapid Prototyping (RP) technology, but, was late
 to get the patent and needed up having the idea be of use to others. The first actually person to
 patent the idea was Charles Hull from America in 1986.

What are the important historical events/milestones in the development of this
 technology and why do they seem particularly note worthy?
The first machine was able to print a digital file into a physical form in 1986. During the 1990's, doctors
started looking into the 3D printing technology and combined medicine with the printing technology.
In the 2000's, 3D printing began spreading through the media and more people knew about it, technology
also developed fast. The machine was put to the test and the first organ was printed. It was in 2000 where
the first kidney was printed, or, the first publicly seen kidney. In 2009, the patent on the 3D printer was
dropped and the public was able to use and research the technology. Back in 2010, the printers go larger
and the first body of a full sized car was made. These machines used to be up to thousands of dollars
when they first came to the public, now there are simple machines that sell for 2 or 3 hundred.

Draw (literally or figuratively) connections between the technology you are
 researching and other related technology. This could include sub-categories
 within your research area and/or technological predecessors and/or technology
 which is otherwise related to your area.

 In the same direction as just making technology do things that people would have had to build or do themselves,
 now just click a button or create it on your computer through a program and let the machine print. It
 reminds me of the self driving car where now you don't even have to drive your car, the car is getting so
 smart that it drives and parks itself. Getting further into technology, the artificial intelligence where
 computers can now be smarter than their makers. There might even be a time where computers can go through
 their own code and fix any errors or drive out any virus they may have without the help of tech people
 and developers. Relating more to 3D printing, they are even devloping the it to print out life scale buildings
 and skyscrapers. Dubai is set to create one of their tallest buildings ever using 3D printing. Not only buildings
 but cars and day to day objects are being printed. 
